Content: New alien species: Incipias (no.3) (#8949)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/incipias/incipias ships.txt

# Copyright (c) 2023 by RisingLeaf (https://github.com/RisingLeaf)
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

ship "Venta"
	"plural" "Ventae"
	"sprite" ship/venta
	"thumbnail" thumbnail/venta
	"swizzle" 0
	attributes

> 		"category" "Large Warship"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"category" "Heavy Warship"
```

# Copyright (c) 2023 by RisingLeaf (https://github.com/RisingLeaf)
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

ship "Venta"
	"plural" "Ventae"
	"sprite" ship/venta
	"thumbnail" thumbnail/venta
	"swizzle" 0
	attributes
		"category" "Heavy Warship"
		licenses

> 			"Hicemus Conflict"

Author: Should I make one already? It is not obtainable right now

> 			"Hicemus Conflict"

Reviewer 2: It should throw errors if you don't, so yes.

> 			"Hicemus Conflict"

Reviewer 3: Yeah, even if it's not currently obtainable in-game, we still would like to see it so the game doesn't throw errors/players don't ask "Where's the Hicemus Conflict license?" We have the Navy license in the game even though you can't legitimately obtain one (yet).

		"cost" 25000000

> 		"hull" 12000
> 		"shields" 16000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"hull" 9600
		"shields" 12800
```

		"required crew" 40
		"bunks" 45
		"mass" 2400
		"drag" 10.2
		"heat dissipation" .42
		"cargo space" 20
		"outfit space" 552
		"weapon capacity" 240
		"engine capacity" 130
		"gaslining" 1

> 		"fuel capacity" 200

Author: look at their shields, also it is a requirement by the AI

	outfits
		"Liquid-Class Shield"
		"Liquid-Class Shield"
		"Metallic Hydrogen Cell"
		"Plasma Discharger" 2
		"Star Tail" 4
		"Star Tail Cell" 80
		"Star Tail Storage" 2
		"Cloud Piercer" 40

		"MH Red-Class Engine"
		"MH Red-Class Steering"

	engine -90.5 42
	engine 0 42
		"over"
	engine 90 42
	gun 58.5 -76.5
	gun 29 -76.5
	gun 29 -76.5
	gun -28 -76.5
	gun -28 -76.5
	gun -57 -76
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "When the Hicemus came to power they needed a ship to symbolize their strength. With six guns, the Venta is the most powerful ship in the Incipias' history. Thanks to its sleek and aerodynamic design it is as comfortable hunting down outlaws in space as in the clouds of a gas giant."

ship "Nimbus"
	"plural" "Nimbi"
	"sprite" ship/nimbus
	"thumbnail" thumbnail/nimbus
	"swizzle" 0
	attributes
		"category" "Medium Warship"
		licenses
			"Hicemus Conflict"

> 		"cost" 500000

Reviewer: This is a very low cost for such a large, capable medium warship. I'd probably put it somewhere in the low 3M-4M range; it's similar in size to the Bastion.

Author: ```suggestion
		"cost" 3500000
```

> 		"hull" 5000
> 		"shields" 7500

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"hull" 4000
		"shields" 6000
```

		"required crew" 20
		"bunks" 40
		"mass" 900
		"drag" 7
		"heat dissipation" .7
		"cargo space" 75
		"outfit space" 450
		"weapon capacity" 120
		"engine capacity" 85
		"gaslining" 1
		"fuel capacity" 200
	outfits
		"Liquid-Class Shield"
		"Liquid Hydrogen Cell"
		"Plasma Discharger" 4
		"Stagnation Beam"
		"Heavy Machine Gun" 20

		"MH Red-Class Engine"
		"MH Red-Class Steering"

	engine 0 120
	engine 0 120
	engine -30.5 120
	engine 30.5 120
	gun -15 -117
	gun 15 -117
	gun 0 -117
	gun 0 -117
	turret 0 31.5
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "The Nimbus is the first spaceship that the Incipias built that was really able to navigate through a system. Since it was first manufactured it has been loved among wealthier captains and a dream of captains just starting out."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "The Nimbus is the first spaceship that the Incipias built that was really able to navigate through a system. Since it was first manufactured it has been cherished among wealthier captains and a dream of captains just starting out."
```

> 	description "Although the Nimbus is labeled as a medium warship, it is a multipurpose ship. Whether one uses it for mining, passengers, or cargo, it will perform its job nicely. It is only occasionally used in combat because the Incipias are not currently fighting open wars."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "Although the Nimbus is labeled as a medium warship, it is a multipurpose ship. Whether one uses it for mining, passenger transport or cargo, it will perform its job nicely. It is only occasionally used in combat because the Incipias are not currently fighting open wars."
```

> 	description "Although the Nimbus is labeled as a medium warship, it is a multi-purpose ship. Whether one uses it for mining, passengers, or cargo, it will perform its job nicely. It is only occasionally used in combat because the Incipias are not currently fighting open wars."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "Although the Nimbus is labeled as a medium warship, it is a multipurpose ship. Whether one uses it for mining, passengers, or cargo, it will perform its job nicely. It is only occasionally used in combat because the Incipias are not currently fighting open wars."
```

ship "Nimbus" "Nimbus (Civil)"
	outfits
		"Liquid-Class Shield"
		"Liquid Hydrogen Cell"

		"MH Red-Class Engine"
		"MH Red-Class Steering"

ship "Nimbus" "Nimbus (Mining)"
	outfits
		"Liquid-Class Shield"
		"Liquid Hydrogen Cell"
		"Plasma Discharger" 4

> 		"Stagnation Beam" # to be replaced with a floatsam tractor beam

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		"Stagnation Beam" # to be replaced with a flotsam tractor beam
```

		"Cloud Piercer" 20

		"MH Red-Class Engine"
		"MH Red-Class Steering"

> ship "Nimbo Stratus"

Author: the name is intended

> ship "Nimbo Stratus"

Author: forgot to change that from an older name

	"plural" "Strati"
	"sprite" ship/stratus
	"thumbnail" thumbnail/stratus
	"swizzle" 0
	attributes

> 		"category" "Interceptor"

Author: ```suggestion
		"category" "Utility"
```

> 		"cost" 50000

Reviewer: This costs less than a Scrapper (60000), despite being much more capable in every area. I'd suggest upping this to roughly 500,000ish, broadly in line with larger interceptors.

Author: ```suggestion
		"cost" 460000
```

		"hull" 500
		"shields" 700
		"required crew" 5
		"bunks" 10
		"mass" 400

> 		"drag" 7

Reviewer: A ship this size shouldn't have this much drag.

Author: the thought is to make them move very slow, even if you have better engines installed, but I see your point.

		"heat dissipation" .8
		"cargo space" 50
		"outfit space" 270
		"weapon capacity" 50
		"engine capacity" 60
		"gaslining" 1
		"fuel capacity" 200

	outfits
		"Gas-Class Shield"
		"Liquid Hydrogen Cell"
		"Plasma Discharger" 2

		"MH Blue-Class Engine"
		"MH Blue-Class Steering"

	gun -13 -48.5
	gun 13 -48.5
	engine 0 61.5
	explode "medium explosion" 10
	explode "large explosion" 20
	"final explode" "final explosion medium"

> 	description "Mining has always been a big business in Incipias society, which is why the Stratus is the most common ship for beginning captains. Its cheap price tag and its ability to bring money in quickly ensure its continuing popularity. While the Stratus could be used in combat, it stands no chance against the Nimbus and therefore has never been used by the Hicemus military forces."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "Mining has always been a big business in Incipias society, which is why the Stratus is the most common ship for beginning captains. Its cheap price tag and ability to bring money in quickly ensure its continuing popularity. While the Stratus could be used in combat, it stands no chance against the Nimbus and therefore has never been used by the Hicemus military forces."
```

> 	description "Mining has always been a big business in Incipias society, which is why the Stratus is the most common ship for beginning captains. Its cheap price tag and ability to bring money in quickly ensure its continuing popularity. While the Stratus could theoretically be used in combat, it stands no chance against the Nimbus and therefore has never been used by the Hicemus military forces."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Mining has always been a big business in the Incipia society, which is why the Stratus is the most common ship for beginning captains. Its cheap price tag and ability to bring money in quickly ensure its continuing popularity. While the Stratus could theoretically be used in combat, it stands no chance against the Nimbus and therefore has never been used by the Hicemus military forces."
```

Author: no they are called Incipias

Reviewer 2: I assumed that was a plural, so I have been looking at it wrong. Probably resolve this.

> 	description "Mining has always been a big business in Incipias society, which is why the Stratus is the most common ship for beginning captains. Its cheap price tag and ability to bring money in quickly ensure its continuing popularity. While the Stratus could theoretically be used in combat, it stands no chance against the Nimbus and therefore has never been used by the Hicemus military forces."

Author: The venta is not a ship that is suited for comparison, a normal citizen will only have seen it from far away and there is little information about the actual amount of power it holds, a nimbus on the other is a well known ship and therefore and excellent ship to compare to

> 	description "Mining has always been a big business in Incipias society, which is why the Stratus is the most common ship for beginning captains. Its cheap price tag and ability to bring money in quickly ensure its continuing popularity. While the Stratus could theoretically be used in combat, it stands no chance against the Nimbus and therefore has never been used by the Hicemus military forces."

Author: yes in `fleet "Hicemus Standard Surveilance"`

ship "Nimbo Cirrus"
	"plural" "Cirri"
	"sprite" ship/cirrus
	"thumbnail" thumbnail/cirrus
	"swizzle" 0
	attributes
		"category" "Light Freighter"

> 		"cost" 100000

Reviewer: This should probably be a bit higher, maybe 300,000ish? This isn't a particularly big ship in terms of outfit space, but it does have quite a large cargo hold.

Author: ```suggestion
		"cost" 330000
```

		"hull" 750
		"shields" 1500
		"required crew" 7
		"bunks" 14
		"mass" 600
		"drag" 7
		"heat dissipation" .75
		"cargo space" 200
		"outfit space" 160
		"engine capacity" 60
		"gaslining" 1
		"fuel capacity" 200
	outfits
		"Gas-Class Shield"
		"Liquid Hydrogen Cell"

		"MH Green-Class Engine"
		"MH Green-Class Steering"

	engine -32 80
	engine 32 80
	engine 0 80
	explode "medium explosion" 20
	explode "large explosion" 30
	"final explode" "final explosion medium"

> 	description "When Pon'tes was built, the need arose for a ship that could carry large amounts of material and supplies into orbit. While the Nimbus is able to carry some cargo, it is not specialized for such work. The Cirrus on the other hand is a pure cargo ship, and the inhabitants of Pon'tes rely on its regular deliveries."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "When Pon'tes was built, the need arose for a ship that could carry large amounts of material and supplies into orbit, where Nimbus proved insufficient. The Cirrus is a specialized cargo ship, and the inhabitants of Pon'tes rely on its regular deliveries."
```
idk

ship "Gero"
	"sprite" ship/gero
	"thumbnail" thumbnail/gero
	"swizzle" 0
	attributes
		"category" "Transport"

> 		"cost" 100000

Reviewer: This probably ought to be a little under a million. 72 bunks is quite a lot, even if that's largely the only thing this ship has going for it.

Author: ```suggestion
		"cost" 985000
```

		"hull" 850
		"shields" 1700
		"required crew" 10
		"bunks" 72

> 		"mass" 550
> 		"drag" 6.5
> 		"heat dissipation" .75

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"mass" 760
		"drag" 8.4
		"heat dissipation" .58
```
